added pre-commit, CI and made sure everything passed (#15)
mantidproject/quasielasticbayes: README.md

Download and install the latest version of `mamba` for your platform from the link above by running the script you download and following the instructions.

> To activate pre-commit, setup the Conda environment and then type ``pre-commit install`` into your terminal (Git bash on Windows).

Author: ```suggestion
To activate pre-commit, setup the Conda environment and then type ``mamba pre-commit update``.
Then once its updated type ``pre-commit install``, this generates a bash style file.
However, this will produce an error when you try to run it (a known issue with pre-commit).
In your terminal type `` mamba env update --file quasielasticbayes-dev-win.yml --prune``
Once it has completed, close the terminal and open a new one and activate the Conda environment.
In your terminal (Gitbash on Windows) you will now be able to run pre-commit checks (outside of your Conda environment). 
```

We currently rely on an external fortran compiler, `tdm64-gcc 4.6.1`, as the current code is sensitive
to the compiler version. To install:

> - Download MinGW64.7z and unzip it into ``C:\MinGW64``

Reviewer: Do we need to update this now we have moved the file?
